---
title: Awards
date: 2024-11-03 14:00:00 -0500
categories: [Awards, Achievement]
tags: [awards]
pin: true
---

## Spot Award

* Date: 2020-12-31
* Awarder: Omnicom Media Group
* Summary: Recognized for delivering performance that surpassed expectations.

## R.E.A.P. Award

* Date: 2018-07-01
* Awarder: Omnicom Media Group
* Summary: Commended for innovatively automating a process previously considered manual only, resulting in significant cost savings.

## MBU Sales Recognition Awards - Platinum Club Winner

* Date: 2017-02-28
* Awarder: Rogers Sports and Media
* Summary: Acknowledged for streamlining departmental processes and implementing cost-saving measures.

## MBU Sales Recognition Awards - Sales Ops WOW

* Date: 2017-01-31
* Awarder: Rogers Sports and Media
* Summary: Awarded for exceptional performance and dedication in the sales operation department.

## Employee of the Year Award

* Date: 2016-01-31
* Awarder: Rogers Sports and Media
* Summary: Honored as Employee of the Year for demonstrating exceptional performance and commitment to corporate principles and values.

## Business Impact Award

* Date: 2015-07-31
* Awarder: Rogers Communications
* Summary: Recognized for commitment to innovation and creating new benchmarks for success, driving growth and executing against strategic plans.

## Team of the Year Award - Rogers Media

* Date: 2014-01-31
* Awarder: Rogers Sports and Media
* Summary: Celebrated for commitment to innovation, creating new benchmarks for success, and driving growth in alignment with Rogers' Five-Year Plan.

## Business Impact Award

* Date: 2013-06-30
* Awarder: Rogers Sports and Media
* Summary: Acknowledged for commitment to innovation, setting new benchmarks for success, and driving growth.